Sister, are you okay?
Sister Wei, it feels uncomfortable for you to speak.
Come on, give me your hand.
Determine people’s symptoms,
As for the method, Gonghan
It has been cold for several years. I have no idea,
I feel like I've always had this problem.
No, you can't tolerate this.
Normally, would you like to feel better.
Stay well and not sick.
It seems, is there really no pain?
Come on, Sister Wei, take a breath.
I'm not tired of it. I have an old problem.
The belly cannot bear the weight
You're really fine
You hurt so much. What should I do? Sister, I don’t care.
This is also the first time I want to talk about the feeling of having my belly pressed by a man.
I’ll give you a massage later, I said
How safe is it today?
Then you can kick me out
How could he be willing to blast you?